GH-124478: Cleanup argparse documentation (#124877)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

* ``'store_true'`` and ``'store_false'`` - These are special cases of
  ``'store_const'`` used for storing the values ``True`` and ``False``
  respectively.  In addition, they create default values of ``False`` and

>   ``True`` respectively.  For example::

Reviewer: I feel this example is probably helpful to keep. Not everyone is going to read the tutorial, and examples are extremely useful for people just glancing across the docs page to find the thing they need.

These can be handled by passing a sequence object as the *choices* keyword
argument to :meth:`~ArgumentParser.add_argument`.  When the command line is
parsed, argument values will be checked, and an error message will be displayed

> if the argument was not one of the acceptable values::

Reviewer: Similarly, I'd keep at least one example of `choices`, probably the first one.

   Action instances should be callable, so subclasses must override the
   ``__call__`` method, which should accept four parameters:

>    * parser - The ArgumentParser object which contains this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * *parser* - The ArgumentParser object which contains this action.
```
Parameters are conventionally formatted this way (same for the next few ones)

Author: Got it - this doesn't apply for parameters that are also jump targets right? Or is there a way to wrap something like `prog_` in * ?

Reviewer: I think I remember someone finding a way to do that but it's very weird and probably not worth it.

   Description of parameters:

   * title - title for the sub-parser group in help output; by default

>      "sub-commands" if description is provided, otherwise uses title for

Reviewer: The default is actually "subcommands" at runtime, not "sub-commands" (line 1826 of argparse.py at the moment). We should probably standardize on that spelling in the docs too.

Author: Ah, right. That makes sense. I'll err on the side of "subcommands"

   * dest_ - name of the attribute under which sub-command name will be
     stored; by default ``None`` and no value is stored

>    * required_ - Whether or not a sub-command must be provided, by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * required_ - Whether or not a subcommand must be provided, by default
```

.. exception:: ArgumentTypeError

   Raised when something goes wrong converting a command line string to a type.

> .. We use the "rubric" directive here to avoid creating

Author: I copied this from the asyncio docs. There might be a better way to do this?

Reviewer: On asyncio the "Reference" section points to the reference docs for individual modules within the asyncio package, but that's not the case here, so I don't think the name "Reference" works here. Maybe use "Guides and Tutorials" as a normal heading (included in the TOC) and remove the `:caption:`.
